Here is a manual to help you guide through my scripts and how I've used them for my research:

First, I started processing my images with FSL's TBSS tool in the scrip TBSS_processing.sh. 
This script runs TBSS analysis between clbp and control for visit 1, 2 and 3 for FA, RD, MD and AD 
and also between control v1 and v2, v1 and v3 and v2 and v3 and also between clbp v1 and v2, v1 and v3 and v2 and v3. 

Second, TBSS_cluster_txt.sh will take the output files created by TBSS_processing.sh and store them as .txt files.
It will combine tstat1 (CLBP > CTL) and tstat2 (CLBP < CTL) files together for FA, RD, MD and AD.
The script will also find the overlapping significant voxels between visit and store them in a .txt file for FA, RD, MD and AD.

Third, the histogram.py script will use these text files to make histograms of the number of significant voxels per cluster size.
This will allow me to compare significantly different clusters between groups and time points 


I also want to do the friedman test on different voxels of the TBSS skeleton. TBSS_friedman_processing.sh prepares the desired files.
It thresholds the tstat maps from the TBSS analysis, binarizes them and multiplies these files with the common skeleton mask for all visits.
It can then multiply this mask to the DTI metric according to the corresponding visit. It does this operation for all DTI metrics for every visit 
with the all TBSS clusters, overlapping clusters and whole skeleton.
TBSS_friedman_analyis.py uses the friedman_variability_img() function to extract the FA values and put them in a Dataframe to calculate 
the Friedman statistics. It then outputs the friedman statistics on the images. 


TBSS_overlap.sh is a script to calculate the percent overlap between specific images and
TBSS_count.sh is a script that counts the number of voxels in a specific image. 
TBSS_variable_cluster.sh is a script to creates files with only the variable clusters
TBSS_cluster_selection.sh is a script that creates files for the selected clusters